Updating demo readmes (#46)
agimus-project/agimus-demos: agimus_demo_03_mpc_dummy_traj/README.md

AGIMUS demo 02 simple pd plus
--------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!CAUTION]
> This demo is **CPU intensive** and strongly rely on short computation time. Even as simple motion as sinusid can become unstable if the optimal control problem does not have time to converge! Make sure you **run this demo on a modest computer** or it may cause **injuries** or **even death**!

```

Author: I have added this note as well, whats up with the death and injuries threats though?

Reviewer: Maybe I went a bit too far. Tho... When you read documentation of anything that has to be sold in EU... This is sometimes the vibe. Maybe we actually should remove the death information...

AGIMUS demo 03 mpc dummy traj
--------------------------------

> [!CAUTION]

> > This demo is **CPU intensive** and strongly rely on short computation time. Even as simple motion as sinusid can become unstable if the optimal control problem does not have time to converge! Make sure you **run this demo on a modest computer** or it may cause **injuries** or **even death**!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This demo is **CPU intensive** and strongly rely on short computation time. Even as simple motion as sinusid can become unstable if the optimal control problem does not have time to converge! Make sure you **run this demo on a modest computer** or it unstable robot cause **injuries**!
```
